SUB CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT
 SUMMARY-
Subcontractor  provide services to Client relating to its operations
when requested to do so by Client. Subcontractor agrees to provide such services as either Client or SDG
may, from time to time, require. Upon reasonable notice from SDG, Subcontractor also agrees to provide
assistance to SDG in any activities undertaken on behalf of Client. Subcontractor shall be responsible for
providing any and all necessary materials required to perform services called for by Client. Subcontractor
shall be solely dependent upon its own skills, resources and expertise in the performances of these services.
The Initial Term of this Agreement is __12__ months from the date of its execution.
Following the Initial Term, this Agreement shall remain in force from month to month (the “Extended
Term”). Either party may terminate this Agreement by giving 2 weeks written notice to the other party at
any time during the Initial Term or the Extended Term of the Agreement. Upon signing of this agreement, it
is Subcontractor responsibility that the selected resource will start the position at the client site on the
agreed date and time. Any deviation to the date has to be approved by SDG and its client.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS-
1) Subcontractor agrees that if it is held by any court of competent jurisdiction to be in
violation, breach or non-performance of any of the terms of this Agreement, it shall pay all costs of such
action or suit, including reasonable attorneys’ fees.
2) The representations, warranties and indemnities provided herein shall survive the
termination of this Agreement.
3) The parties specifically agree that no persons, other than the parties hereto, have any
interest in this Agreement and specifically agree that no persons shall be considered as or intended to be
third party beneficiaries or shall be entitled to rely upon the provisions of this Agreement for any purpose.
4)Subcontractor agrees that if it is held by any court of competent jurisdiction to be in
violation, breach or non-performance of any of the terms of this Agreement, it shall pay all costs of such
action or suit, including reasonable attorneys’ fees.
5) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors, assigns and
personal representatives or heirs of the respective parties.
6) The representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities provided herein shall survive
the term of this Agreement.
7) Any act, error or omission of Subcontractor or any employee of Subcontractor
arising out of the work performed by Subcontractor’s employees;
8)Any violation claimed by employees of Subcontractor relating to the Americans With
Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Civil Rights
Act of 1964, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Georgia Human Rights Act, or any other law, whether common
law or statutory, relating to the employment relationship.